hey gang welcome back to our Dungeons &
Dragons campaign in Westeros sup hey
alright this session we're gonna start
right off with a big battle against the
army of the Dead first of all welcome
back to Melisandre I missed our last two
sessions because your cousin's wedding
you can just jump right back in though
oh cool so was I at Winterfell or let's
say that you were on an important
journey and you just got back contesting
time so what can I see oh nothing
it is the biggest blackest night you've
ever seen there's nothing but pure
darkness okay no just a moving shadows
you smell horses oh cool so I'm around
the Dothraki yeah all right so I light
all their sword things on fire casting
elemental weapons elemental weapon
pretty sure that's just one weapon per
spell I pray to the Lord of lights for
divine intervention I say for the night
is dark and full of terrors
all right what role of religion check
well you like all the Dothraki arts on
fire nice job yeah sweet flaming weapons
let's use I lead the Dothraki into a
charge into the darkness
hold on Jorah that's the entire army of
the Dead out there you can't just charge
in you and the distracting you'll
probably all die no we have this okay
sure why not you in the Dothraki charge
in and is ghost with me
why would ghosts be with you he's Jon's
direwolf mean ghost our bros I give him
Billy scratches every day right
okay tell you what role and animal
handling check NAT 20 baby ah it's gonna
be one of those ok for some reason Jon's
direwolf ghost is with you Jon you and
Daenerys are actually up on the cliff
with the Dragons do you want to fly in
and assist the charge now oh right what
do you do then as scenarios if she wants
to be on the battle and go BAM rule a
persuasion check with disadvantage
that's a four she just stares at you in
disgust for the shock
okay so Jorah and the Dothraki are
charging in and ghosts and ghosts here's
what I'll do overall to see how many
zombies you guys take out in the charge
and then addy 100 to see how many does
rocky survive
okay you guys killed some zombies and
three Dothraki survived total worth it
all right
Arya you are on the battlements you just
took out those five zombies
single-handedly very impressive so where
do you want to go down bad inside to the
library what but why in case there's
something going on in there you know
there's kind of a lot going on out here
yeah but I feel like the White Walkers
might be up to something inside I want
to sneak in and scope it out if you want
you go to the library and there's eight
zombies in there what are they up to
absolutely nothing they are just
standing around because it's a library
and the epic battle is raging outside
barrack where are you I guess I follow
are inside but there's nothing going on
inside oh well maybe that's what you
want us to think oh my god okay fine you
go inside to let me do an encounter
check for Arya ha an entire horde of
zombies bursts through the door to chase
you all right cool um I'll say you burst
through the door into a hallway and you
find barrack in the Hound barrack you
act first there's a zombie right on top
of Arya okay sweet I throw my start at
it oh I mean you're close enough you
could just run up and make an attack I'd
rather throw my sword okay 15 hits 10
damage good job you killed that one
zombie but in how the rest of the Horde
closes in okay I can return my sir you
picked it's blocked by a zombie horde I
say we run yeah I have the higher armor
class so I'll go behind you okay cool
berrak if you go behind Arya there's
zombies all around so I'll say as you
guys run you'll take some opportunity
attacks that's fine
I've got plenty of HP all right let me
do some rolls okay that's for damage oh
he crit for 12 there's another four
and another six whoa what's happening my
armor class is 18 now I know they're
only really well five damage four damage
another six hung bees are there there's
only one more there's only one more and
that's four damage well I'm down well uh
that's it though you guys made it to the
Great Hall and managed to borrow the
door and that's actually where
Melisandre was hanging out so you can
get a revive um I don't really have any
spell slots to spare but you must have
some left I mean I have one left but I
feel like I should save it well I uh
failed my first death saving throw so
I'd really appreciate a cure would just
always still have to face the night King
so we'll probably need my spells then I
fill my second death save you gotta heal
me oh sorry well I'm dead permanently
sorry screw you guys alright brand
you're in the godswood then my King has
just killed beyond and the rest of the
Ironborn he walks up to you your
initiative I stared him down trying to
intimidate him um he's the night king
he's not gonna be intimidated by you
staring him down he might be mister
pretty hard look you're in combat
already on his turn he's going to attack
you are you sure you don't want to test
a spell or something yeah I just stare
at him alright if that's what you want
let's say DC 30 intimidation roll you
successfully intimidate him and he just
retreats six he stared right back at you
and wonders why you didn't do anything
John it's actually your turn and you're
still fighting the undead dragon um
as Dan and she wants to bang she's not
even there
kidding kidding I have a ranger spell
speak with animals I guess that and try
to go for Dragon to back off okay well
first of all dragons don't count as
animals so even if you know what never
mind go ahead give me a persuasion role
nice Dean nothing happens okay now over
to the night King he draws his ice sword
you skipped me oh I guess I did um
you were sneaking through the castle
where are you headed I stealth towards
the godswood
see your speed it looks like you're
basically right outside the Goblet so
you'll be in next turn okay now over to
the making wait I think I have an
ability let me read this I want to use
my rogue cunning action to dash to the
night King and attack oh yeah
that's it's actually a great idea you'll
have to bring stealth so you won't have
advantage on the attack but because he's
focused on brand you can still add your
sneak attack damage sweet with modifiers
that's a twenty non-natural ah doesn't
quite do it what he's the freaking
making he's got really high AC and now
on his turn wait I have two weapon
fighting uh true but you dropped your
spear things back there I don't think
you have a second weapon at the moment
what if I drop my dagger and catch it
with my other hand oh that's actually
really cool I'll say if you can pass a
DC 15 dexterity check I'll let you take
an attack with that hand 17 roll your
attack you just crit on this guy you
stab him right in the chest roll your
damage yeah double that - because he's
vulnerable to Valyrian steel then my
sneak attack is 5d6 what holy crap you
straight-up
assassinate the night king in one shot
well when you kill him the whole army of
the Dead explodes so the rest of you
dummies are actually saved I find Danny
I pretend it was me my coven I came if
you can pass a deception check she will
agree to paying you right now in the
Winterfell courtyard but she's still
over with Jorah Jorah you still have a
death saving throw and that will be my
third fail oh well you're dead
[Music]